feat(curriculum): Add questions for Css and Accessibility quiz (#56557)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-accessibility/66ed8fc1f45ce3ece4053ead.md

#### --text--

> What is a common method for hiding content in HTML?

Reviewer: I think this question needs to clarify what type of hiding is being done. Is this "visually hiding" content from sighted people while still making the content accessible to assistive technology? If so, then only `opacity: 0` accomplishes that. `display: none` doesn't just "hide" content, it completely removes it from the DOM. While `visibility: hidden` does visually hide the content and leaves it in the DOM but removes it from the accessibility tree, which removes it for people using assistive technology, such as screen readers.

#### --distractors--

display: none;

---

visibility: hidden;

---

opacity: 0;

#### --answer--

All of the above

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the minimum contrast ratio for normal text according to WCAG?

#### --distractors--

2:1

---

3:1

---

5:1

#### --answer--

4.5:1

### --question--

#### --text--

Which tool can help inspect element styles in a web browser?

#### --distractors--

Adobe Photoshop

---

Microsoft Word

---

Notepad

#### --answer--

Chrome DevTools

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which attribute is used to hide content from screen readers?

Reviewer: I think the wording on this question needs to be clarified. All four of the methods listed will hide content from screen readers and other assistive technology. I think perhaps the question is asking what will allow you to hide content from ONLY assistive technology, such as screen readers, while allowing it to remain accessible to everyone else.

#### --distractors--

hidden

---

display: none;

---

visibility: hidden;

#### --answer--

aria-hidden

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the ideal contrast ratio for large text?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the minimum contrast ratio for large text?
```

I wouldn't say "ideal" here. WCAG is a bare minimum for accessibility. 3:1 is the bare minimum required for large text, not the "ideal".

Reviewer 2: You have not addressed this @kalvakeerthi

Reviewer 2: You still have not addressed this @kalvakeerthi please do so

Reviewer 3: You still have not addressed this.

#### --distractors--

2:1

---

4.5:1

---

3.5:1

#### --answer--

3:1

### --question--

#### --text--

Which online tool checks color contrast accessibility?

#### --distractors--

ColorZilla

---

Canva

---

Figma

#### --answer--

Contrast Checker

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which CSS property hides an element from visual rendering?

Reviewer: If this is referring to `display: none`, then this property removes the element from the DOM completely. There is a difference between visually hiding an element and removing it from the DOM. So while removing an element from the DOM does prevent it from being visually rendered, I think this question is giving a false impression that that is all the `display` property does.

#### --distractors--

visibility

---

position

---

float

#### --answer--

display

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a recommended contrast ratio for accessible text?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the minimum required contrast ratio for accessible text?
```

WCAG defines the minimum requirement, not the recommended ratio.

#### --distractors--

1.5:1

---

7:1

---

3:1

#### --answer--

> 4.5:1

Reviewer 3: This question feels too similar to an earlier one. Can you change it?

### --question--

#### --text--
What does the 'Inspect Element' feature do?

#### --distractors--

Edits text directly

---

Downloads files

---

Modifies images

#### --answer--

Displays CSS and HTML

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which method keeps content in the document but hidden visually?

Reviewer: `visibility: hidden` removes the element from the accessibility tree and thus hides it from people using assistive technology, such as screen readers. So while technically the element might still show in the DOM inspector, it really isn't there for people using assistive technology. Unfortunately, there is no single property that can properly "visually hide" an element at this time.

#### --distractors--

display: none;

---

position: absolute;

---

opacity: 0;

#### --answer--

visibility: hidden;

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a tool for testing color combinations?

#### --distractors--

WordPress

---

Sketch

---

Excel

#### --answer--

Paletton

### --question--

#### --text--

Which browser is known for robust developer tools?

#### --distractors--

Safari

---

Internet Explorer

---

Opera

#### --answer--

Firefox

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a common use for aria-hidden="true"?

#### --distractors--

To show content

---

To display on mobile

---

To increase visibility

#### --answer--

> To hide from screen readers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide content from screen readers
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which color is considered low contrast with white?

#### --distractors--

Black

---

Dark Blue

---

Dark Green

#### --answer--

Light Gray

### --question--

#### --text--

Which tool allows you to test CSS live on a website?

#### --distractors--

CodePen

---

JSFiddle

---
Live CSS Editor

#### --answer--

All of the above

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which CSS property makes an element invisible but still takes up space?

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the purpose of this question is with regards to accessibility. Using `visibility: hidden` removes the element from the accessibility tree, thus hiding it from screen reader users and such. You would never user it to visually hide content.

#### --distractors--

display: none;

---

z-index: -1;

---
opacity: 0;

#### --answer--

visibility: hidden;

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the ideal contrast ratio for graphics?

Reviewer: Again, WCAG does not define ideals, it defines the bare minimum for accessibility. Even `7:1` may be hard to read for some people. I do not think it is a good idea to assume there are "ideal" contrast ratios.

#### --distractors--

1.5:1

---

4.5:1

---

3:1

#### --answer--

7:1

### --question--

#### --text--

Which feature of Chrome helps in accessibility audits?

#### --distractors--
DevTools

---

Extensions

---

Bookmark Manager

#### --answer--

Lighthouse

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a reason to hide content on a webpage?

Reviewer: I don't think this is a good question. It is too ambiguous. What type of hiding is being done? If this quiz is about CSS and accessibility, then improving SEO should probably not be one of the correct answers as most accessibility professionals do not consider that a valid reason for improving accessibility.

#### --distractors--

To improve SEO

---

For user experience

---

To save bandwidth

#### --answer--

All of the above

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which color combination is generally recommended for accessibility?

Reviewer: I would probably change this to something like "Which color combination has the potential to provide the highest contrast ratio", since pure black on white will give you the highest possible ratio. But since there are so many different shades of colors, it is possible to meet minimum contrast ratios with green on red or blue on yellow.

#### --distractors--

2:1

---

4.5:2

---

3.5:1

#### --answer--

3:1

### --question--

#### --text--

Which online tool checks color contrast accessibility?

#### --distractors--

ColorZilla

---

Canva

---

Figma

#### --answer--

Contrast Checker

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the purpose of the alt attribute in images?

#### --distractors--

To change image size

---

To add a title

---

To change image color

#### --answer--

To provide a text alternative

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the minimum required contrast ratio for accessible text?

#### --distractors--

1.5:1

---

7:1

---

3:1

#### --answer--

4.5:1

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the 'Inspect Element' feature do?

#### --distractors--

Edits text directly

---

Downloads files

---

Modifies images

#### --answer--

Displays CSS and HTML

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS property controls text size?

#### --distractors--

text-size

---

size-font

---

text-style

#### --answer--

font-size

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a tool for testing color combinations?

#### --distractors--

WordPress

---

Sketch

---

Excel

#### --answer--

> Paletton

Author: changes done please check

#### --text--

Which property changes the background color in CSS?

#### --distractors--

`bg-color`

---

`color-bg`

---

`fill-color`

#### --answer--

`background-color`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS property controls the width of an element?

#### --distractors--

`size`

---

`dimension`

---

`area`

#### --answer--

`width`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which tool can help inspect element styles in a web browser?

#### --distractors--

Adobe Photoshop

---

Microsoft Word

---

Notepad

#### --answer--

> Chrome DevTools

Reviewer 3: I'm only allowing this because you did not say mention Chrome specifically in the question.

> ### --question--  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### --question--
```

> ### --question--                        

Reviewer 3: What's with the extra white space?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### --question--
```
yeah, let's remove it

Reviewer 2: You have not addressed this yet @kalvakeerthi

> ### --question--  
>            
> #### --text--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### --question--  

#### --text--
```

please stop having so many spaces at the end of the line

Which attribute specifies a fallback for audio or video elements?

#### --distractors--

src

---

controls

---

alt

#### --answer--

> poster

Reviewer 3: The poster property is only used to display an image when video data is not available on an HTMLVideoElement. It is not used for audio elements. 

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLVideoElement/poster

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the ideal contrast ratio for large text?

#### --distractors--

2:1

---

4.5:2

---

3.5:1

#### --answer--

3:1

### --question--

#### --text--

Which online tool checks color contrast accessibility?

#### --distractors--

ColorZilla

---

Canva

---

Figma

#### --answer--

Contrast Checker

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the purpose of the alt attribute in images?

#### --distractors--

To change image size

---

To add a title

---

To change image color

#### --answer--

To provide a text alternative

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a screen reader?

#### --distractors--

A browser for disabled users

---

A CSS tool

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra blank line added

---

A web development library

#### --answer--

A text-to-speech software

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the 'Inspect Element' feature do?

#### --distractors--

Edits text directly

---

Downloads files

---

Modifies images

#### --answer--

Displays CSS and HTML

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS property controls text size?

#### --distractors--

> text-size

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`text-size`
```

---

size-font

---

> text-style

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`text-style`
```

#### --answer--

> font-size

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`font-size`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the opacity property do in CSS?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What does the `opacity` property do in CSS?
```

#### --distractors--

Changes text size

---

Adds a border

---

Sets the element's position

#### --answer--

Controls element transparency

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS property controls the spacing between lines of text?

#### --distractors--

letter-spacing

---

letter-spacing

---

> word-spacing

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`word-spacing`
```

Opera

#### --answer--

> Firefox

Reviewer 3: What exactly excludes Google Chrome from this list? While I personally dislike the browser, it does offer Google Lighthouse.

Reviewer: Ya, going to agree here. This is very subjective and might not be a good question.

Reviewer 2: You have not yet addressed this @kalvakeerthi

> line-height

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`line-height`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a common use for aria-hidden="true"?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What is a common use for `aria-hidden="true"`?
```

#### --distractors--

To show content

---

To display on mobile

---

To increase visibility

#### --answer--

To hide content from screen readers

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the flex property used for?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What is the `flex` property used for?
```

#### --distractors--

Changing text color

---

Adjusting font size

---

Adding animations

#### --answer--

Creating responsive layouts

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a CSS Grid property?

#### --distractors--

> flex-direction

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`flex-direction`
```

---

> float

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`float`
```

---

> position

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`position`
```

#### --answer--

> title

Reviewer: This is a very controversial answer and I have a feeling most accessibility professionals would not agree. The title attribute has several accessibility issues, such as people who use the keyboard only (which includes screen reader users) will not be able to activate the tooltip. People using touch devices may also have problems activating the tooltip. In general, it is best to avoid the title attribute except on iframes, where it is basically required. I don't think there is a good answer to this question and it should probably be removed.

> All of the above

Reviewer 3: As I had found out the other day, these answers will be potentially be shuffled. So all of the above is probably not the right phrase to use.

> grid-area

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`grid-area`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which attribute is essential for accessible images?

Reviewer 3: This question feels too vague to me. In order to see an image, yes we need a `src` attribute. But for images to be handled properly by a screen-reader and other assistive technologies.

#### --distractors--

src

---

title

---
width

#### --answer--

alt

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the minimum contrast ratio for graphics?

#### --distractors--

1.5:1

---

4.5:1

---

3:1

#### --answer--

> 7:1

Reviewer 3: Hi there can you explain where the `7:1` came from? Because according to this, non-text content needs a minimum contrast ratio of "3:1". 

Source: https://webaim.org/articles/contrast/

> 3:1

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
0:1
```

> 3:1

Reviewer 3: Hey there. Two answers are the exact same here.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which feature of Chrome helps in accessibility audits?

Reviewer: Well, to be honest, I'm a profession accessibility auditor and I never use Lighthouse, and I always use the developer tools, so I would get this answer wrong. There are also many extensions that I use for accessibility testing. I would probably change the wording of this question to something like "What automated testing tool is provided by Chrome to aid in accessibility testing?"

#### --distractors--

> position

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`position`
```

---

> width

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`width`
```

---

> overflow 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`overflow`
```

#### --answer--

> max-width

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`max-width`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which property aligns text in CSS?

#### --distractors--

> align-text

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`align-text`
```

---

> justify-text

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`justify-text`
```

---

> text-position

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`text-position`
```

#### --answer--

> text-align

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`text-align`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the outline property affect?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What does the `outline` property affect?
```

#### --distractors--

Border of an element

---

Margin of an element

---

Padding of an element

#### --answer--

> Focus ring around an element

Reviewer 3: Outlines don't immediately affect focus indicators. Rather they affect the border of an element. You can use it in a pseudo-class to change a focus indicator, but it is beyond the scope of this question. 

Source: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline

> Focus indicator around an element

Reviewer 3: This question is wrong and I swear I mentioned this at some point. But the `outline` property only controls the border around an element. Not a focus indicator. 

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline

If it is used in conjunction with the `:focus` pseudo-class selector, maybe I can see it. But this is not what this question is about.

Reviewer 4: > Assigning outline a value of 0 or none will remove the browser's default focus style.

I do get where they are coming from, tbh.

Reviewer 3: But at the same time, having `border of an element` listed as an incorrect answer when `outline` can be used to control an element's border makes the question invalid.

Reviewer: I have no problem with how this question and answers are worded. The outline is not the same as the border. Outlines are almost exclusively used for focus indicators (every browser uses the outline as the focus indicator by default). And the vast majority of accessibility professionals consider the outline to be the focus indicator and will warn you to never set `outline: none`.

But if there are worries about the way this question and answers are worded, then one suggestion is to rephrase the question to something like:

"What is the `outline` property most commonly used to configure?"

Chrome DevTools

> ### --question--                       

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### --question--
```

remove all spaces please

Author: I removed all the spaces @ilenia-

Chrome DevTools

### --question-

>                   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
let's still not have those spaces please
